Henrik, like Henry, but with a K at the end.
So, Henrik Otto.
Henrik Otto.
And what's your job?
What do you do here, Henrik?
Yes, I'm working as a conservator since for 15 years.
I have been working here for 15 years, and now I'm in the position of a conservator.
A little sheaf somewhere in the middle.
But your job is to preserve books?
To preserve books, to conserve books, to preserve books.
Yes, we have a large department.
This department is divided in several sections.
Okay.
And now you are in the conservation department.
We have...
Other parts are the bindery, then the mass deacidification department.
In which, I'm sorry?
Mass deacidification.
Mass deacidification, okay.
Yeah.
The bindery, the microfilming.
Oh, good.
And you're going to show me these places?
Yes, I can do it.
Good.
Let's do that.
But first, I want to introduce our traditional work for our traditional department, the conservation department.
And in this department, we have three main technologies.
We deal with wet treatment, leaf casting, and paper spreading.
Wet treatment?
Wet treatment, leaf casting.
What's that?
Why do you say that again?
Leaf casting, it means to repair poles.
Leaf, L-E-A-F?
Yes, leaf casting.
Casting, casting.
And that repairs...
Yes, you can repair holes.
Repairs holes, okay.
Yes, the colleagues are at work at the moment, you can see it.
And then the third was?
Paper splitting.
Paper splitting, oh good.
It's a technology to strengthen.
That's a strengthening process.
And that was developed here?
In Germany, you can say, or yes, I think in Germany, yeah.
Okay, good.
I'm ready.
Let's start.
I can call you Henrik.
Yes.
And I'm Nick, OK?
Nick.
Wet treatment plant.
Wet treatment.
Wet treatment, it means for deacification, for bleaching, if you like.
But bleaching is out.
But you can also just infect paper if the paper has no glue or whatever.
Not mushrooms, but oily.
Yes, right.
You have only one for the German.
OK.
So these, go ahead.
And these, and these, all this is done in this plant.
It has, it has got six spaces, the bath.
One, two, three, four, five, yeah, okay.
The bath contains all 220 liters.
Okay.
Can collect 220 liters.
We have...
the self-material or cassettes, we call it wet treatment cassettes.
You can see one cassette on work, it's sitting there.
And you can identify that the leaves, the single leaves are between.
Okay, well now, these are books?
Yes.
This was a form of books, and then the books were combined.
And the single sheets, we put it between the leaves of
This material, plastic foil or plastic days, gas.
It's a kind of mosquito.
Mosquito net.
Mosquito net, okay.
But these are book pages, right?
Yeah.
Okay.
And you can do 220 liters in each... In each bath.
We have a liter for heating.
And we can also measure the temperature and... Yeah.
What is the chemical that you use?
Natrium-bohydrate.
In English it has another name.
We use different chemicals.
Usually we start with the hot water bottles and then we have different steps causing the damage.
Usually we deal with wood pulp paper, with acid paper.
Wood pulp and acid paper.
Like the paper which is used since last century.
I see, yes.
Yes.
It's a typical wood pulp.
Exactly.
Now, these people are preparing the material for here?
No, this is the second step.
This is all this.
The first step is wet treatment.
The first step is the binding, wet treatment.
Wet treatment means...
Stop the aging, stop the aging of the... That's okay, you just keep talking.
Yes, please tell me when you can't understand me.
Okay.
So I start to describe it.
That's all right.
I never hesitate, so you're doing fine.
Now these are newspapers that they're doing here.
Yes, these are newspapers, and now they are leaf casting the newspapers, the single sheets.
Leaf casting them?
Leaf casting them.
That's what you told me.
Okay, yes.
You can see the hole in the paper, and afterwards the hole will be covered with new fibers, with new pipe.
Okay.
It's similar to a paper paper machine.
Okay, I see.
You can see, I believe.
That's putting new paper on?
Yeah, new fibers.
New fibers.
It's adding new fibers.
It can be on the outskirts, outside, but it can also like inside.
And so where are the fibers being added?
Right in here?
Yeah, in this position.
What is this machine called?
leaf casting that's the machine it's called a leaf casting machine yes and the technology is also leaf casting okay it's a leaf casting okay it's produced in denmark i see and that's the company right there get get free no it's not written there it's air lawson okay air lawson in danish
Whatever.
This is water now?
Water and fibers only.
Without color, without something else.
So each one of those baskets can hold 220 liters.
So that's 1,200 and 1,300 liters that you can do at one time.
And how many times a day can you do that?
Yes.
We can deal with leaf casting in different steps, but it doesn't matter if we need one, two, or three passes.
It's always one line.
I see.
It's like an assembly.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, I understand.
Like a cyclus.
Yes.
It's always the first step and then it's the second step.
Fifth step repairs the holes and we get a larger format, a larger size, because we want to have
standardy sizes now that's the paper that they're putting the fiber that they're putting the paper on now when they're done will it go back into a volume or something and then the last step the third step is paper splitting okay paper splitting and to get to know it i want to show you some pictures excellent good to understand it
faster.
This is for single sheets.
It's more, also, yes.
Single sheets, yeah.
Single sheets, and this is a continuous working machine, and you can work with, you can deal with many, with plenty of sheets.
I see.
Of sheets.
This is for single sheets.
You get to note leaf casting cassettes in this other system.
In this system, you can roll the single sheets in between these layers of gazes.
You roll it in.
And what is this material?
Mosquito.
Mosquito?
Yeah.
What is it made out of?
Ah, I have to ask.
But you call it mosquito.
Yeah, to get an idea about it.
Okay.
Then I have to pick it up, to look it out.
Okay, okay, fine.
It's not a gauge, a plastic thing, yeah?
A plastic gauge, yeah, a gauge, yeah.
Okay.
These pictures tell you something about paper splitting.
Paper splitting means we cover our original paper from both sides, from front and from back.
There's another paper.
We call it carry paper.
What kind?
carry paper or support paper.
You can see it on the sample so you can find out the real name.
The first picture I'll show you, we take the glue on the surface of the first carry paper with a gluing machine.
That removes the glue?
Yes, we put it on the first carry paper.
Then we add our original.
In this case, it's a sheet of paper which is broken in the middle.
It's an old picture.
And then we prepare the second sheet of carry paper and cover it.
Carry paper, you call it.
Yes, carry paper, support paper.
You can find it out to describe it in the best way.
And afterwards, we get a system of three layers.
Carry paper, return carry paper.
I see.
Then we put it in the press, leave it there overnight, and on the next day, two colleagues will do the work of paper-spilling.
It means they're sitting opposite each other and start to clear on the corners.
People have to do this.
People.
Yes, we have two ways.
He can do it with hand and he can do it with machine.
And this picture is showing us the way of doing it with hand.
But my question is, this is very slow.
You've got millions of pages here.
How can you possibly do them all?
But in this way, our annual work is 22,000 sheets.
22,000 sheets a year.
It doesn't matter large or small, 22,000.
Because this is our measuring.
Shoes we measure in single sheets.
Okay, measure in sheets.
In sheets.
So if a book has 600 pages, is that 1,200 sheets?
Is each sheet 2 once you split it, or is each sheet 1?
Yeah, just one sheet, one leaf.
A leaf has two pages.
A leaf has two pages, okay.
Okay.
And this is the way of splitting.
We start sitting opposite each other and start to tear on the corner and then the paper will open.
We tear it, we tear it until we reach.
This spot is the angle.
The angle was built by the carry paper.
This is the original inside, but the carry paper is longer only on one side.
There the carry paper is sticking together
immediately, directly.
It is our angle.
I understand.
It's open, so you like to open the door.
We won't have two single sheets which are flying.
We want to open, we want to shut it.
So this here is one sheet?
Yeah.
So even though now that you're splitting it into two, it's still one?
In two halves.
But in terms of the 22,000, that's one?
This is one.
Just in the middle of the process.
It's open, and these pictures tell you some details of opening, and you can see, you can identify the leaf casting.
Leaf casting is outside.
Leaf casting is the big word here.
Yeah, I don't know.
No, I like it.
No, no, I like it.
I like words that I can use, you know, for my writing.
Now this one, wait, okay, go ahead.
Yes, and now it's open, and now we can add a core paper.
We call it core paper.
Because it's in the middle.
It's in the middle of the paper.
It will go in the middle of the paper.
This is no longer the carry paper now.
This is another paper.
The carry paper is outside.
You can't see it in this moment.
And this paper is new.
We added.
Now this, what do you call this again?
Core paper.
Core.
C-O-R-E.
Yes.
Yes, middle.
Okay, core paper.
And Apple has cores in the middle.
Core, which means the middle.
Core paper goes in the middle.
I got you.
Yes.
And then we shut it.
And then we shut the paper.
You can see we add the cord paper.
And then we shut it.
And then finish.
And then afterwards, of course, we have to remove to solve the carry paper and through it.
Because these papers were just the way of doing.
They were intermediate steps.
Yeah, intermediate steps.
So then you get rid of the carry paper when you're done.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, I understand.
It's not permanent.
No, it's not coming.
So what stays is the core paper.
The core paper is in the middle and it gives the paper more stronger strength.
And strength.
Yes, and strength.
I'm doing all right.
I understand what you're trying to do, so I'm helping you.
What are these pictures of?
These pictures show you typical damages which you can...
deal with paper spitting.
The damage of ink or color eaten, color eaten with the fibers, yes you can see it like there's a ribbon and oath, it's like it comes out.
And the core paper can keep it in the middle, it can keep it on
on its face.
So, it won't go lost.
Okay, go ahead on this one.
Yes, this is typically very good.
Not acid-free, acid with pipe paper.
You have the damage of water.
Water usually comes with the damage of mouth, getting cloudy.
This is before the treatment, after the treatment.
That's after the treatment.
After the treatment.
Wow.
Yes, you can see.
This part is up by leaf casting.
Yes, sir.
Originally it was eaten away, got lost, and saw the art, new parts of paper, and can be splitted.
And splitting has a good joining between the new and the old paper.
This is the old one, this is the new one, and the core comes from one edge to another edge, and goes through the whole paper.
But you can't restore any of the material that's gone obviously, it's just going to be restored in the blank area.
Just the area, just the paper.
We're going to have some... I'm going to have a little bit of it.
I'm going to have a little bit of it.
Okay.
I'm going to have a little bit
That's infection.
It just infected the paper.
To destroy the moody power.
Okay, good.
And this is normal, as you can see, wood type and pencil paper.
And these are like blank sections that have been added to it.
Yeah, it's a former repairing or a former try of repairing that seemed to be the case before.
I see, yes, okay.
This is the paper splitting machine.
Wow.
So now you're going to do a picture.
Yeah.
Okay.
Support paper, public paper.
Now it's open.
You open it, and then you can add the core paper.
So this is actually a split sheet.
Yes, it's a split sheet.
So this sheet was actually... It was one.
It was one.
And it comes back to one again.
Wow.
That is amazing.
Yeah.
Is this the core paper or kind of core paper?
We have different kinds.
It's almost like a tissue, actually, isn't it?
Yes, it is a tissue.
It's a little familiar to cigarette paper.
It's a little familiar to teabag paper.
But it isn't.
But to get an idea about it.
Yeah.
It contains carbonate.
Calcium carbonate.
No, carbon.
Yeah, calcium carbonate.
C-A-
CO3 calcium carbonate.
CaCO3?
Yeah.
It's very important.
CaCO3?
Yes, you're right.
To avoid aging of the paper.
And it's now used by the paper industry to protect the paper for aging.
It's called buffer.
Alkaline buffer.
Yeah.
And this paper contains the alkaline buffer.
I see.
And it comes in the middle.
And also the glue we use for sticking, for stick it in, contains also alkaline buffer.
Uh-huh.
Yeah?
And we have a similar work process, like you would do it by hand.
We have two carry papers.
Yeah, this is the term who could use it.
Which could use it?
Preservo-tech.
Preservo-tech, yeah.
But in history, not a sheet.
This is special size.
Instead of a sheet, we have long tapes.
One tape is 250 meters wide.
And those tapes come together.
But before they come together, they join their own news station.
This is here, a plume sheet.
And the machine is there.
And now the glue is up on the surface.
And from this place, we can up our regionals.
And for this work, it's very important that we work with standard sizes.
And standard sizes, we get by the leaf casting process.
You can see standard size.
And the leaf is leaf casted before.
So it's easier to work, easier to handle.
Yes, we have smaller sheets, we have larger sheets, larger sheets, and we want to have a standard size.
Now, have these already been through the deacidification process out there?
Yeah, yeah.
So that... First step, that treatment, second step, deep casting, third step.
So, one is the wet, right?
Washing, washing.
Washing.
like to remove or neutralize the acid in the paper.
To neutralize acid is the main step one.
Step two is leaf casting to repair holes and to have a standard size to deal with it.
So it can go into this machine.
And then this is three.
You call this the paper splitting, right?
The paper splitting machine.
How many of these machines do you have?
Just this one?
Just this one.
It's the first one in the world.
This is the first one in the... Yeah.
And where was it built?
In Germany.
Right there.
Yes.
You took a picture.
Good, I have it, yes.
Here?
Yes, and the outdoor.
The paper here?
It goes through the machine, through the rollers, at the press station to press it.
And in this spot, it will be split.
To remember what's going on.
OK.
It's a system of three layers.
Carry paper, original in the middle, carry paper again.
You can also say a strong carry and an old, weak, original.
And a strong, and a strong carry paper again.
Now it comes out.
And the power cord, the power cord, start the tool.
And our paper will end up in front of each other.
and it comes together, the two halves comes together here.
But before they come together, a glue machine will add the glue for the core paper, and this is our core paper.
Each half gets its own glue machine or half its own screw machine, add the glue, and the core paper will add here.
So then it's done.
And it's covered.
And now the last, the final step is removing the carry paper by, uh, by Prince's machine.
And this machine is at the moment built.
It's what?
Yeah.
It's new.
I see.
And that, what do you call that machine?
Upload the machine.
But what does it do?
It, uh... It solves the carry paper.
It solves it.
Oh, I see.
So you can...
Take it away.
Oh, it removes the carry paper.
Yeah, yeah.
So we remove the carry paper.
The machines are down today?
They're not working today?
No, not yet.
Oh, right.
What do we expect in the next days?
I see.
It has got three pairs of bars.
Three pairs of what?
Barses.
Basins.
Bars to deep it in.
Keep it in water.
I see.
Baths.
Okay, these are the baths.
Okay, baths.
B-A-T-H.
Okay, bath.
So it's going to get wet again?
Yeah, wet again.
All these like a snake comes up and down, up and down.
So it gets wet again after it's already been through.
What's the purpose of doing this again?
To remove
The carry paper.
The carry paper, and we do it with, like, that treatment.
I see.
Okay.
The crossbar contains enzymes.
Enzymes.
Enzymes, because the traffic people will stick by gelatine.
Gelatine.
Okay.
And they will stick by gelatine, and gelatine is what they ask.
Yep.
And so we can destroy the gelatine with enzyme.
Okay.
The second layer is for killing the enzymes.
We hot it.
We rise the temperature.
We rise the temperature and the enzymes getting dead.
Kill the enzyme.
And kill the enzyme.
And the last cover is going up.
Rinsing.
Just spülen.
rinsing.
Just water.
Cleaning, wringing.
To kill enzymes.
And what was the one?
What happened over here again?
This was an enzyme treatment.
Enzyme treatment.
To eat the gelatine.
Oh, so that adds the enzyme.
Yes.
And this was the enzymes added to eat the gelatine.
Okay.
And then this kills the enzyme.
Kings the enzyme.
So you add the enzyme here, you remove the enzyme here, and then you rinse here.
And then you dry it probably over here.
Yeah, and just try it.
Yes, you're right.
It's similar, you would try photos.
Yes, that's what it looks like.
So it's actually, well, almost, this is like a one, two, three, eight stages here actually.
How long does it take to go from the front?
It's continuous, of course.
The aim is we want to have a continuous process, but at the moment we stop after spitting and then we start again here.
But the idea is to have a continuous process with these long tapes.
So the whole tape comes through
But how long does it take for one piece to get from the front to the end, would you say?
The machine is working with a speed of 2.5 meters a minute.
It's not very fast, it's quite slow.
But we have to work this way.
It's heatable, it's warm, and the tapes come through, and the tapes will cut here.
Here's an optic and a system who can identify
And so did you, again, I missed it, did you tell me the speed at which it travels through?
2.5 meters per minute.
That's pretty good.
And when it's working, is it working all day?
Our staff forces limit.
We don't have enough staff to work on the machine, but we are, at the moment, in the process of privatizing.
Ah, so you're going outside.
Yes, going outside.
So are there any other machines like this, or is this still the only one, I wonder?
This is the only one in the Bay of Paper Spreading, but we have also a mass gasification plant.
What's the first step?
I want to go back with you in the workshop, and then we want to have a look on samples.
Good.
Now these are books that have been brought down.
Yes, yes.
These books are.
Oh, these are done?
Yes, these books are done.
And on the corner are books which are not done, not yet done.
Yes, and you can see, ah, let's have a few more.
Let's go.
I'm trying to get a picture of these books here.
Yeah.
It's just normal, common, let's start with the library stuff.
The library stuff.
We have a book.
After 30, 40 years of aging, or keeping, before, there's its really, really bad damages.
This is typical.
You can't do anything.
It's not the code of the user.
It's just aging, getting old.
Getting brittle during the years.
And this is the same book after treatment.
Wow.
Please touch it.
Please touch the page and feel how does it feel.
It feels stronger and solid and you can move it out of the box.
Hold it up like that.
Just hold it.
Would you just hold the page so I get a picture of it?
Yeah.
Yes, you can see here are still some of the drivers from the loop parking.
It's also a protection against mechanical damages in the future.
So we need, we need it.
So, attrition, that's important.
We want to do this.
It's our intention to do this.
But your intention to what?
to leave some fibers.
Yes, okay, on the outside.
On the outside, like protection against mechanical things, and also chemical, because the aging start always comes to light.
It comes through the humidity, and the light, and everything, and the temperature, and so we have the fibers out.
And what is this, like an old city directory or something like that?
Yeah, like, yeah, telephone book.
But you're saving.
We are an archive and we have to do everything and it doesn't matter if it's just a simple book or something other.
We don't decide what we have to do.
The decision is of other persons.
You down here don't decide what you have to do.
We don't decide it, yes.
We are not in charge to decide.
That's very important.
Okay, good.
You're just a service.
That's 1924.
What does this say?
Leipziger Adressbuch.
It's a book to inform you about who is living there.
The city directly.
It's a retailer.
Leipziger.
Leipziger Adressbuch.
Okay.
A-D-R-E-W-S-S.
Yes.
Did you make a new binding too?
Is there a new binding?
Yes, we made a new binding, but in this case we have still some original, but not every book has original cover.
So if we don't have a original any longer, so we have to add a new one.
We have to make a new one.
A new one.
Ah, this is another thing.
Uniform and Mars.
Haha.
Okay.
Yeah.
Newtpapers, you can't use it any longer.
Or anymore.
Get another picture.
Just hold it like that.
Yeah.
Can you just hold it like that?
Okay.
So, this was roughly a description about our section.
So, okay.
What do you want to see more?
Bindery?
Microfilling?
Whatever you got.
Yeah.
Okay.
You want to use the board in the basement.
Uh-huh.
And then it works for better.
Really?
Yes, really.
And a few years ago, we discovered it again.
And then the others here in the workshop just... Was this building badly damaged?
No, unfortunately not.
Just one shelf.
Good.
The damage was more.
Do you use microfilm as a form of preservation or is it just something else?
Microfilm is not part of the preservation process at all.
But afterwards, when the book is finished, before we bind it... You make a copy.
We make a copy.
It's now a really good opportunity.
So everything that is processed out, then you have a microphone copy made.
Yeah, yeah.
This is our only.
You have both.
Okay, good.
You don't scan digitally, you do microfilm.
Yeah, we don't scan it.
So microfilm is still the best way?
Yeah, because the digitalization techniques are changing too often.
It's not certain.
Well, that's very interesting.
Some places I've visited in the United States, of course, are
But they can't tell you whether or not it will last forever.
You know, they don't know.
So this is probably the best.
Everybody says microfilm, we still know what it does.
So you do the shooting in here too?
This is where you shoot the pictures for the microfilm?
In this room here or over there?
Sure, yeah.
Uh-huh, good.
Next.
What do you think about masthiasification?
The which?
Masthiasification?
Yes.
The acidification.
Yeah.
Massive acidification.
This is separate, totally separate from the other unit that we just saw, right?
Totally separate, yeah.
Uh-huh.
You will get a description, a printed description about it, because I'm not so familiar with the technique.
But you should get to know it, like, on your own eyes, with your own eyes.
Okay, yes.
Okay.
Oh, look at this.
Wow.
Okay.
This is a large tube.
And in this tube, our deacification process will take place.
Therefore, the books are packed.
Put it in this wagons.
Baskets, almost, yeah.
Whatever, wagons.
It's like a trail.
It comes here, like...
Like a ship, then you kind of slide it in the tube.
Okay.
Then you cover it, so it clearly, you cover it.
You lock it.
And then how long does it kind of slide through the whole process?
Yeah.
Three until four hours.
Ah.
Four hours for each.
How many of these can you put in there at a time?
Two wagons.
This is one wagon, this is two wagons.
So two of these at a time.
Each has four baskets, so about eight baskets.
And how many books can you get in each one?
We don't count the books, we count the weight.
This is two.
About 70 kilos.
Because we have small, large, and so on.
Altogether.
Both.
Two wagons.
Equals 70 kilos.
Okay.
Now these are books that go in, like these books over here?
Yeah, yeah.
These are the kinds of books that go in?
Yeah.
Do you open them up or you just put them in the... Yeah.
You just take a book?
No.
It comes... You don't charge to select it.
I understand, but when you take a book to put it in, do you have to open it up and fan the pages, or you just take the book and put it in the basket?
We just take it in.
We leave it shut.
Ah, okay, that's my question.
It's not necessary to open it, but we have to select... The size and that kind of thing.
Yeah, but something on the cover which is not... It can make it difficult, but the majority...
I think 95% it's possible to deal it with the plant.
Oh, it is in 1968.
Yeah.
Only 30 years old, and yet they already have to be.
Yes, this is the point.
This plant can keep the condition on the moment.
Like the condition of this moment, we can keep it.
But the books we have upstairs...
They are in a so bad condition, so we have to do more.
But this plant stops aging.
This is before it gets really bad.
Yeah, yeah.
So we are satisfied with the condition we have.
Yes, yes, I do.
And for the cashmology, what?
And then it starts with heating and vacuum.
We call it fort fortnam.
We call it make a try.
Make a try.
Say it again slow?
Yes, I want to describe it because I don't know the real word, the proper word in English.
So what's the German word?
Fort fortnam.
And I'll take a picture while you're doing that.
Okay.
Pre-drying.
Yes, pre-drying.
It means paper normally contains water.
Like in a 6, 7, 8% of water.
If the paper is healthy.
Okay.
As more healthy a paper, as more water can contain.
And we make it more dry under about 1%.
So the paper is really, really trying.
And we want to have the paper in this concession because then it will be soft, everything it can get.
And after the tube is locked, the other solution, it's a water-free solution, an alcoholic solution, without any water.
And the alcoholic solution contains the alkaline buffer and the alkaline
chemical now the paper is so dry so it's socked in socked in and in this moment if the solution is in the alkaline chemical starts to work neutralize neutralize the acid in the paper and leave the salt now if the book is closed how does it get to every page yeah this is because it's very very dry you can't
Normally, you can't find the paper so dry.
From 7% water, under 1% water.
It's very, very present.
So you do that in there, it makes it dry in there?
Yes.
The whole process is in the tube?
The whole process is in one tube.
I see.
In one tube.
We lock it, and then we start with drying, and then we add, then we add
The solution fluttered, defluttered the tube.
Solution comes to the fiber in each corner of the book, in the middle of the book, in a few minutes.
It takes, it needs a few minutes.
Afterwards, it comes out, it goes away.
So it goes in this side, comes out the other side?
Yeah, the solution comes in a circle.
Morning, Professor, how are you?
Here we are again.
Nice to see you.
Excellent.
You have seen the other?
Yes, yes, yes.
Very fascinating.
It is, yes.
He's giving me an excellent introduction, Henrik.
And the very important thing is it's not just a laboratory,
It's a real, it's a routine work so that we have behind us all the developments so that we really can produce mass de-extricated paper.
And this is the combination you have seen with the paper splitting machine and the mass de-extrication and the microfilming, we have really a bundle of
Different techniques, approaches or whatever.
To have an option.
You cannot preserve things just with one method.
That's impossible.
Books have different...
life cycles, and so you have to decide what you want to use.
These are not so bad.
These books, I was noticing these are 1968.
They are nearly in as bad a condition as the ones I saw upstairs.
So therefore they can have a different technique here.
I'm amazed that you don't have to open the pages.
You can just put the book in like that.
How about, does this maintain the strength too?
Is this...
So this is not a strengthening process.
We are on the way to combine both.
If you come back in a year, I think... That's the tough one, isn't it?
Everybody is having a hard time.
So is that being worked on?
Is that being developed?
It's on developing, so that we will combine those things and this will be then the solution.
Very impressive, really.
Yeah, we are quite proud about it.
Yeah, we should be, yes.
Professor, how many volumes a year do you try and think you can do?
At the moment, we have just one shift, so we have 200,000 per year.
200,000 books?
Books, yeah.
And if you have two shifts, you can have 400,000, but...
Until now, we don't have the capacity in the... 200,000 books a year, that's why.
But that's not enough.
It's not enough.
That's a million every five years.
Yeah, but on the other side, we have an income of 300,000 volumes per year.
So you're behind.
Yeah, we are behind.
In the meantime, the exit-free paper is growing in books.
I think it's about now 70% or about this.
So we have not to repair everything that's coming in, but 200,000 is not enough.
So there are two ideas.
One is to have two ships, and the other is to...
enlarge or to enhance the capacity by another tube.
Now, the process I saw upstairs, that does strengthen the pages.
You have the core sheet.
So that strengthens this, unfortunately, does not add any...